what's poppin this 129
coming to y'all with another video and
this video talk about the New York
Giants the New York Giants are making
the moves to people they making the
moves getting them players getting them
placed the New York Giants have signed
um they have signed Walter thought
Dominic's I might be up his last
name scuze me for that Walter Thurmond
they have signed him the Giants are
scheduled to meet with a cornerback
dominique rodgers-cromartie on Sunday
they are meeting with done Dominique
rodgers-cromartie today and they will be
doing it with newly signed cornerback
already in their pocket Adam Schefter
ESPN reports that designs have agreed to
time for former seahawks cornerback
Walter Thurmond is a one-year deal / /
Schaffner and the giants are still
expected to meet with Rogers kimani with
Thurmond with darling join and prints
out a mover and Trumaine McBride an egg
at cornerback the Giants don't need to
break the bank to bring
rodgers-cromartie into the fold should
the Christ be right though they have one
of the deeper cornerback groups in the
lead to throw out on the field against
against opposing offenses next season
that should come in handy whether or not
the giant able to boost their pass rush
over the rest of the offense restaurar
season so there you have it folks to new
york times are they have signed
cornerback they have sine cosine former
Seattle Seahawks cornerback Walter thorn
dorman script on that name up
but yeah they have some wants to thrown
into a one-year deal probably to come in
and prove it prove himself deal
basically when you prove yourself if you
fool yourself they might at the internet
this coming season assignment probably
to proudly to a three or four year deal
but you gotta prove yourself and they
also dan about signing rodgers-cromartie
used to be with the demo Broncos so but
in a way yeah Walter Thurmond is a new
york time people so they have